Work Diary

Week 1
The main task of the first week is to find teammates to form a group with 5 members to complete the project required by COMP9900. After group formed, we had out first meeting to get to know each other. And then we decided our project topic which is E-commerce Recommendation System. 


Week 2
This week we discussed some basic functions that need to be implemented in our e-commerce recommendation system project, as well as two novel functions. In addition, we have also arranged a fixed weekly meeting time as required (Actually, we would arrange more since we found one meeting is obviously not enough).


Week 3
This week we wrote some drafts of user stories in Jira based on the features determined last week. Then for peoposal part, we assigned tasks to every group member, and everyone wrote a part of the proposal according to their own tasks. Finally, we integrated the proposal into a complete part And we start. In addition, we started the initial back-end and front-end development part for the first demo.


Week 4
Our main task this week is to implement the functionalities we described in Sprint 1 in Jira. Qi Lu, Yuxuan Huang and I are mainly responsible for the front-end part. What we have achieved in this stage will be demonstrated next week and it is the basic module of our project. 


Week 5
We successfully demonstrate what we have implemented for Sprint 1 to our tutor. Xuehua Ma and I are responsible for explaining the user stories and showing the interface and functionalities. Qi Lu, Yishun Jin and Yuxuan Huang play the role of technical advisor who answer tutors' questions. After demo, we held a retrospective meeting to conclude what we did well as well as what we did not well on the first phase. We recorded the conclusion in a report so that we could try our best to do better on our next demo.


Week 7
We made some improvement according to the retrospective report A. Then our main task this week is to implement what we have described in sprint 2 on Jira. This part would focus on product details page, online payment and payment by others and this part will be demonstrate on Week 8. 


Week 8
The second demonstration has been hold on this week. I am mainly responsible for using the Easy-buy system to demonstrate the functionalities which are described in sprint 2 on Jira to our tutor. Then we hold the retrospective meeting on Thursday to conclude what we done well and not well, as well as how we improve the system according to retrospective A. Apart from those, we had another meeting to discuss about the final report and demo. 


Week 9
The first task this week is to complete the Sprint 3 and Sprint 4 parts of Jira. Mainly realised the function of sharing products to friends to help get discounts, which is another innovative feature of ours. Then we made some improvements to the system based on the results of the last retrospective meeting. Then I wrote the report part I was responsible for, and prepared for the final demo.

Week 10
This is the last week of this semester. The main task of this week is to integrate our report, rehearse the demo repeatedly, modify the minor problems in the system, and prepare for the final demo on Wednesday.

